README.md, before:

# Institutional Research Projects
Welcome! This repository holds R codes for institutional research (IR) projects, including data cleaning, analysis, and reporting of higher education data. I organized my IR work into three categories: 

## Data Reporting
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdowns for reporting to external agencies:
- The Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS)
- National Student Clearinghouse (NSC)

I also developed programming for internal reporting:
- Course enrollment reporting
- Data freeze between internal databases (datamart and Registrar's database)

## Program Evaluation
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdown I developed for evaluating higher education programs. Projects include:
- Tracking alumni career and further education outcomes
- Evaluate impact of courses requirement for strategically planning restructuring courses
- Assessing the data integrity, accuracy, and validity of the Learning Management System (Canvas) for student advising improvement

## Survey Assessment
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdown I developed for cleaning and analyzing major surveys:
- A historical comparison study with data from the National Survey of Student Engagement
- A comprehensive analysis of the Student Satisfaction Survey

# Note
Most output of the R scripts/markdown and original data are hidden. All R scripts/markdown released in the folders followed guidelines of [Institutional Review Board (IRB)](https://irb.research.chop.edu/criteria-irb-approval), [Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA)](https://www.jhsph.edu/offices-and-services/student-affairs/ferpa.html#:~:text=What%20is%20FERPA%3F,of%20information%20from%20the%20records.), and [protection of data ownership](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29059/data-ownership#:~:text=Explains%20Data%20Ownership-,What%20Does%20Data%20Ownership%20Mean%3F,implemented%20by%20the%20data%20owner.).

Commit message:

add dsed, cds, surveys descriptions

README.md, after:

# Institutional Research Projects
Welcome! This repository holds R codes for institutional research (IR) projects, including data cleaning, analysis, and reporting of higher education data. I organized my IR work into three categories: 

## Data Reporting
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdowns for reporting to external agencies:
- The Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS)
- Common Datast (CDS)
- National Student Clearinghouse (NSC)
- US News, Princeton Reviews Rankings

I also developed programming for internal reporting:
- Assessment of course placement methods; Analysis of faculty tenure paths
- Data freeze between internal databases (datamart and Registrar's database)

## Program Evaluation
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdown I developed for evaluating higher education programs. Projects include:
- Course performance review
- Tracking alumni career and further education outcomes
- Evaluate impact of courses requirement for strategically planning restructuring courses
- Assessing the data integrity, accuracy, and validity of the Learning Management System (Canvas) for student advising improvement

## Survey Assessment
In this folder, you will find R scripts/markdown I developed for cleaning and analyzing major surveys:
- A historical comparison study with data from the National Survey of Student Engagement
- Analysis of satisfactions of students and parents (i.e. the Student satisfaction survey, Quarterly parent survey, First impression survey, etc.) 
- Analysis of program/ events surveys to improve institutional programming. 

## Data Science Ed
In this folder, you will find resources for learn data science. I made presentation slides based on several data science books I read. This educational folder covers the following data science topics:
- How to choose a data model; pros and cons of different types of data models
- Multivariate regression, predictive modeling, Baysian models
- Algothrimic/ machine-learning modeling

# Note
This repository contains R codes for doing institutional research. No raw data points (unless fake data is used) are released. All R codes and their corresponding projects followed guidelines of [Institutional Review Board (IRB)](https://irb.research.chop.edu/criteria-irb-approval), [Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA)](https://www.jhsph.edu/offices-and-services/student-affairs/ferpa.html#:~:text=What%20is%20FERPA%3F,of%20information%20from%20the%20records.), and [protection of data ownership](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29059/data-ownership#:~:text=Explains%20Data%20Ownership-,What%20Does%20Data%20Ownership%20Mean%3F,implemented%20by%20the%20data%20owner.).
