Survey Assessment/ParentSurvey.md, before:

---
title: "Parent Survey Results  \n2022 Fall"
author: 'Lasell University Institutional Research'
date: "2022-12-16"
format: 
  pdf:
    documentclass: article
    classoption: []
    fig-width: 8
    geometry:
      - top=25mm
      - bottom=20mm
      - left=15mm
      - right=15mm
      - textwidth=4.5in
    keep-md: true
    include-in-header:
      - text: |
          \usepackage{fancyhdr}
          \addtolength{\headheight}{0.7cm}
    
          \pagestyle{fancy} 
          \fancyhead{}
          \fancyfoot{}
    
          \fancyhead[LO]{\includegraphics[height=1.3cm]{/Users/linlizhou/Documents/Rprojects/IR.png}}
          \fancyhead[RE]{\vspace{4mm}\textbf{AAC Courses Review}}
          \fancyfoot[C]{\thepage}
    
          \renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}
editor: visual
---



















## Survey Responses and Overall Satisfaction







::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_responserate.overall-1.pdf)
:::
:::


## Satisfaction









::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_satis-1.pdf)
:::
:::


## Food Committee (FC)








::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_fd-1.pdf)
:::
:::


## Information Received









::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_info.recv-1.pdf)
:::
:::


## Information Source


::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_inforely.conv-1.pdf)
:::
:::




## Events






::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_event-1.pdf)
:::
:::


#qual analysis: write up/summary of qual comments

Commit message:

vspace after title texts, titling package for logo on title page and space

Survey Assessment/ParentSurvey.md, after:

---
title: "2022 Fall Parent Survey Results \\vspace{-1.5cm}"

format: 
  pdf:
    documentclass: article
    classoption: []
    fig-width: 8
    geometry:
      - top=25mm
      - bottom=20mm
      - left=15mm
      - right=15mm
      - textwidth=4.5in
    keep-md: true
    include-in-header:
      - text: |
          \usepackage{titling}
          \setlength{\droptitle}{-1.5in}
          \pretitle{\begin{center}
          \includegraphics[height=1in]{/Users/linlizhou/Documents/Rprojects/IR.png}\LARGE\\}

      - text: |
          \usepackage{fancyhdr}
          \addtolength{\headheight}{0.7cm}
    
          \pagestyle{fancy} 
          \fancyhead{}
          \fancyfoot{}
    
          \fancyhead[LO]{\includegraphics[height=1.3cm]{/Users/linlizhou/Documents/Rprojects/IR.png}}
          \fancyhead[RE]{\vspace{4mm}\textbf{AAC Courses Review}}
          \fancyfoot[C]{\thepage}
    
          \renewcommand{\headrulewidth}{0pt}
editor: visual
---





















# Survey Responses and Overall Satisfaction







::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_responserate.overall-1.pdf)
:::
:::


The 2022 Fall Parent Survey received 284 responses, representing a 19% response rate. Among those respondents, 84% of parents are satisfied with their students' experiences at Lasell.

# Satisfaction









::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_satis-1.pdf)
:::
:::


Most of parents are satisfied with students' academic experiences, campus life, and most of Lasell services and facilities. However, only 39% of parents are satisfied with **dining services** at Lasell. Some other areas to improve may include __career counseling__ and __mental counseling__ services, which respectively received 54% and 60% satisfaction rate from parents. **Social life on campus** can be another aspect to improve based on its 63% parents' satisfaction rate.

# Food Committee (FC)








::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_fd-1.pdf)
:::
:::


# Information Received









::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_info.recv-1.pdf)
:::
:::


# Information Source


::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_inforely.conv-1.pdf)
:::
:::




# Events






::: {.cell}
::: {.cell-output-display}
![](ParentSurvey_files/figure-pdf/report_event-1.pdf)
:::
:::


#qual analysis: write up/summary of qual comments
