Survey Assessment/readme.md, before:

## Institutional Research Projects on Survey Assessment
Welcome! This repository holds R codes for institutional research (IR) projects on Survey Assessment. You will find R scripts/markdown I developed for cleaning and analyzing major surveys:

## The National Survey of Student Engagement (NSSE)
- The NSSEmatch.Rmd file made a historical comparison using data from NSSE. [Margin of error](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margin_of_error) are reported for each measure. Mean of scores from 2018 and 2022 NSSE items (High-impact practice, Engagement Indicator, Learning Strategy, Reflective and Integrative Learning, Higher-Order Learning, Quantitative Reasoning, Collaborative Learning, Discussion with Diverse Others, Student-Faculty Interaction, Effective Teaching Practices, Quality of Interactions, Supportive Environments)

## Student Satisfaction Survey
- The sss_17-20_matched.R records the data merging and cleaning process for a comprehensive analysis of the Student Satisfaction Survey. The analysis itself is done in Excel.

Commit message:

add parent,firstimp,lastestsatis,bam etc to description

Survey Assessment/readme.md, after:

## Institutional Research Projects on Survey Assessment
Welcome! This repository holds R codes for institutional research (IR) projects on Survey Assessment. You will find R scripts/markdown I developed for cleaning and analyzing major surveys:

## The National Survey of Student Engagement (NSSE)
- The NSSEmatch.Rmd file made a historical comparison using data from NSSE. [Margin of error](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margin_of_error) are reported for each measure. Mean of scores from 2018 and 2022 NSSE items (High-impact practice, Engagement Indicator, Learning Strategy, Reflective and Integrative Learning, Higher-Order Learning, Quantitative Reasoning, Collaborative Learning, Discussion with Diverse Others, Student-Faculty Interaction, Effective Teaching Practices, Quality of Interactions, Supportive Environments)

## Satisfaction Surveys
- The SatisfactionUG.qmd is the latest R codes for reporting campus-wide satisfaction survey on all undergraduates about their academic and social life services and supports. The sss_17-20_matched.R records the previous data merging and cleaning process for a comprehensive analysis of the Student Satisfaction Survey.
- The FirstImpSurvey.pdf reports survey on freshmen satisfaction on services and supports on campus.
- The ParentSurvey.pdf reports the quarterly assessment of parents' satisfaction on services, information, and events for parents and students on campus.

## Program/Events Surveys
- The BAMsurvey.pdf contains assessment of activities in the The Baseline Action and Momentum (BAM) Program that aims to improve diveristy and inclusion on campus.

## Other Templates
- The survey_contact.lists.Rmd documents processes to construct a contact list to send reminders to those who have not completed the survey.
- The infographic.Rmd is an exploratory template for producing inforgraphic.
- The textMiningTweets.R is a template for text mining projects.
